Devise Setup
====================
1. Add Devise gem to Gemfile
2. Run `bundle install`
3. Generate Devise config file
```
rails generate devise:install
```
4. Update last line before end in config/environments/development.rb
```
config.action_mailer.default_url_options = { host: 'localhost', port: 3000 }
```
5. Add views from Devise
```
rails generate devise:views
```
6. Create User model with Devise
```
rails generate devise User
```
7. Choose which devise modules you want to use
8. Run `rails db:migrate`
9. Configure Devise from config/initializers/devise.rb

* Lockable Section
  * `config.lock_strategy = :failed_attempts` – This means that an account will be locked out after a number of unsuccessful login attempts. Actually, this is the only available strategy, but you can set this setting to none and handle the locking mechanism yourself.
  * `config.unlock_strategy = :both` – An account may be unlocked either via e-mail (by visiting a link provided in the email that is sent by Devise) or just by waiting a certain amount of time. Provide :email or :time to enable only one of these two options. Provide :none to handle the unlocking process yourself.
  * `config.maximum_attempts = 20` – The number of times in a row the user may type an incorrect password before the account is locked out.
  * `config.unlock_in = 1.hour` – How long an account will be unlocked. Provide this setting only if you use the :time or :both unlock strategy.
  * `config.last_attempt_warning = true` – Issue a warning when a user has one login attempt left. This warning will be displayed as a flash message.


* Confirmable Section
  * `config.confirm_within = 3.days` – How much time the user has to activate an account via a link sent in an e-mail (basically this means that the activation token generated by Devise will no longer be valid). If the account was not activated, a new token can be requested. Set this to nil if you don’t want the activation token to expire.
  * `config.reconfirmable = true` – Should the user re-confirm an e-mail when it’s changed via profile update. This process is the same as the confirmation process after registration. This new, unconfirmed e-mail, is being stored in the unconfirmed_email field until a user visits the activation link. During this period the old e-mail is used to log in.


* If you are building a real application, also don’t forget to tweak those settings:
  * `config.mailer_sender` – Provide an e-mail here that will be put to the “From” field.
  * `config.secret_key` – Secret key to generate various tokens. Modifying this will make all previously generated tokens invalid.

10. Customize devise views
```
# Example
<div class="field">
  <%= f.label :name, 'Name' %><br />
  <%= f.text_field :name, autofocus: true %>
</div>
```
11. Set up mailer 
